Topic J discussion paper release 3 (#529)
eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework: docs/discussion-topics/j-wallet-to-wallet-interactions.md

| Presentation | The attested information being sent from the Presenter to the Verifier.     |

### 3.2 Basic Use Case
Wallet-to-Wallet interactions cover the use case, where a natural person, wishes to present a PID or (Q)EAA to another natural person, using their EUDI Wallets. Note that legal entities are not allowed to bypass the processes and rules governing Relying Parties using Wallet-to-Wallet Interactions between natural persons instead of presentations towards Relying Parties.
 
We envision that the below use case could be used as basis for Wallet-to-Wallet interactions. As an example, the use case could occur in a setting where one private person wants to rent their car (the *Verifier*) to another private person (the *Presenter*), if the Presenter has a valid driving license:

1. The two EUDI Wallet Users meet in physical proximity and agree (out of band of the EUDI Wallet system), that one (the *Presenter*) should present a specific PID (or other attestation), including what data fields, towards the other (the *Verifier*).
2. Both users select *Wallet-to-Wallet mode* in their respective EUDI Wallet Unit UI and are asked to specify their role (*Presenter* or *Verifier*).

> 3. The *Presenter* should given an option to suggest which PID or Attestation (and which data fields) to share with the *Verifier* (i.e. produce a *suggested presentation request*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The *Presenter* should be given an option suggesting which PID or Attestation (and which data fields) to share with the *Verifier* (i.e. produce a *suggested presentation request*).
```

> Rationale: The Presenter shall be given the choice to select which attributes they want to share.  It should be easy for a Presenter to select which attributes it wishes to present.

##### Requirement 4
A Wallet Unit SHALL support functionality for, using the connection established in Requirement 1: 
- Create and send PID and (Q)EAA presentation requests to the other Wallet Unit: 
- If a suggestion for a presentation request is present, it SHALL be used to create the presentation request. The user MAY choose to only request a subset of the suggested attributes. 
- If a suggestion for a presentation request is not present, the Wallet Unit SHALL allow the User to, using a user-friendly UI, specify which attributes to request in a presentation request.
- Receive, validate, and present the corresponding presentation response to the user.

> Rationale: A Wallet Unit shall be able to take the role of a verifier in a wallet to wallet interaction. 

#### 4.1.2 Requirements for Security 

##### Requirement 5

> If the Presenter makes a suggestion for a presentation request, then the Wallet Unit of the Verifier SHALL NOT allow the Verifier to include more attributes in their presentation request send to the Presenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Presenter makes a suggestion for a presentation request, then the Wallet Unit of the Verifier SHALL NOT allow the Verifier to include more attributes in their presentation request sent to the Presenter.
```

##### Requirement 10
The Verifier Wallet Unit SHALL verify the validity of the Presenter Wallet Unit before presenting the received presentation to the user.

> Rationale: The Verifier must be sure that data originates from another EUDI Wallet Unit.

> Note that the this requirement is likely to be updated based upon the ongoing discussions about supporting presentation WUAs. 

##### Requirement 11 
The Presenter Wallet Unit SHALL make it clear to the user whether they are presenting to a Relying Party or another natural person's EUDI Wallet before the Presenter is to approve their presentation. The Presenter SHALL be advised to stop the presentation in case they were expecting to interact with a legal entity different from a natural person but are informed that the presentation will be towards a natural person. 

> Rationale: To prevent abuse of the wallet to wallet functionality by other Relying Parties it is important that the Presenter is made aware that they are interacting with a natural person and not another legal entity in case they would expect to be interacting with another legal entity. 

##### Requirement 12

> Wallet Units SHALL only be able to receive at most 10 presentations an hour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet Units SHALL only be able to receive at most 10 presentations per hour. 
```

| W2W\_01  | A Wallet Unit SHALL support an interface and protocol for: - Establishing a connection with another Wallet Unit, - Receiving PID and (Q)EAA presentation requests from another Wallet Unit, - Validating such requests, - Responding to such requests in accordance with the technical specifications as defined by [OpenID4VP] and [ISO/IEC 18013-5]. | Requirement 1.         |
| W2W\_01a | In addition to W2W\_01, a Wallet Unit SHALL support an interface and protocol for: - Sending PID and (Q)EAA presentation requests to another Wallet Unit, - Receiving and validating the corresponding presentation response, in accordance with the technical specifications as defined by [OpenID4VP] and [ISO/IEC 18013-5].                         | Requirement 2.        |
| W2W\_02  | The Commission SHALL develop technical specifications for exchanging PIDs and attestations between two Wallet Units in accordance with the technical specifications as defined by [OpenID4VP] and [ISO/IEC 18013-5].                                                                                                                                   | Requirement 14.        |

> | W2W\_03  | The Requester Wallet Unit SHALL authenticate its User prior to requesting attestations presentation from another Wallet Unit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Requirement 8.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| W2W\_03  | The Requester Wallet Unit SHALL authenticate its User prior to request an attestation presentation from another Wallet Unit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Requirement 8.         |
```
